Cancel the Dragon Gate Banquet
Why is that?
We owe
Did nothing wrong
I don't agree with why it is cancelled if you say it is cancelled.
What are you?
This king's turn to speak, it's your turn to interject
Chen Shaojie, you are the only one in the whole city, right?
Are you masochistic?
Operate, you wait for me.
Lord Holy King
Why cancel my Lin family's Longmen canonization banquet?
We shouldn't have done anything to make God Rat
Angry things
Are you really sure?
I'm pretty sure of it.
The Lord has not yet arrived
Besides, we can't
Do anything that makes him angry
The chair has nothing to do with us
It was made by Ye Longyuan
Who says the Lord has not arrived?
The Lord has already arrived
What god has already arrived
It's impossible that we haven't seen the Lord God
Lord Holy King
We ask ourselves.
Did nothing to make the Lord God angry
You know what you did.
Now it is a godsend that the judge does not condemn sin
It's up to you to ask
No, Lord Saint King, don't go
If we do something wrong
We can apologize.
Please forgive me, Lord God
Pay attention to your behavior
Otherwise, the door will be cut off
Lord Holy King
We are willing to pay for your forgiveness